you know you've never really told me
what happened
I don't know nearly a year after the
sudden death of the beloved Belgian
actor there are still unanswered
questions did you notice anything
unusual about his behavior in the last
few days the two of you were in the
process of separating do you know who he
might have been hanging out with or
where he might have gone what's the
matter
I've got your tongue I know he was here
the night he died I saw you at that club
the other night oh is that why are you
here playing detective why do you go
there bunny hill back a layer and noise
when they seem to be how well did you
know them Stefan had a lot of Secrets I
quiet
he called you why you would help the
Trager
what are you doing in town other than
behaving badly the only fault was you
tampering with the evidence he died of a
broken heart something happened to him
some things are just meant to be
[Music]